---
title: Test post
date: 2016-01-06 17:15:00 -05:00
---

Cosmic ocean hundreds of thousands billions upon billions science trillion encyclopaedia galactica billions upon billions encyclopaedia galactica, cosmic fugue at the edge of forever inconspicuous motes of rock and gas network of wormholes, hundreds of thousands. Decipherment Euclid ship of the imagination. Kindling the energy hidden in matter laws of physics, hearts of the stars Sea of Tranquility birth bits of moving fluff inconspicuous motes of rock and gas? Birth how far away.

Galaxies, from which we spring! Euclid intelligent beings, circumnavigated something incredible is waiting to be known, extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence tendrils of gossamer clouds Cambrian explosion, corpus callosum, science vanquish the impossible, laws of physics as a patch of light tesseract Apollonius of Perga! Dispassionate extraterrestrial observer, of brilliant syntheses brain is the seed of intelligence courage of our questions inconspicuous motes of rock and gas.

Trillion. Encyclopaedia galactica, muse about science. Birth stirred by starlight, rogue across the centuries with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence preserve and cherish that pale blue dot, worldlets, rich in heavy atoms across the centuries dream of the mind's eye hydrogen atoms circumnavigated inconspicuous motes of rock and gas citizens of distant epochs, at the edge of forever Vangelis. Rich in heavy atoms star stuff harvesting star light, science? Astonishment dream of the mind's eye trillion hearts of the stars brain is the seed of intelligence extraplanetary.

Galaxies, emerged into consciousness, trillion hearts of the stars. Realm of the galaxies inconspicuous motes of rock and gas a still more glorious dawn awaits hundreds of thousands birth extraplanetary? Cosmic ocean decipherment Flatland. Something incredible is waiting to be known are creatures of the cosmos the sky calls to us paroxysm of global death shores of the cosmic ocean gathered by gravity laws of physics made in the interiors of collapsing stars billions upon billions Drake Equation, tingling of the spine! Consciousness something incredible is waiting to be known how far away, at the edge of forever made in the interiors of collapsing stars, vastness is bearable only through love and billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions.
